1. You're going to learn programming and how to build a game with a language called Ruby.
> ### Did you know?
Websites like Twitch and Twitter are built using Python.

    Before you can start coding, you'll need to setup your computer to write Ruby. You'll need to have Ruby and a text editor installed, and know how to run a Ruby program.

2. To install Ruby, go to [railsinstaller.org](http://railsinstaller.org/en) and click on the *Windows Ruby 2.3* button.

    Once the installer has downloaded, start it and click through it, accepting the default choices.

3. Now you need to get a text editor, to write your Python in. We recommend Atom, which you can download from http://atom.io, but you can use another editor if you're more familiar with it. Or just like it better.

4. Once you have both of these setup, you're ready to go. You just need to make sure that everything is working and that you know how to run a Ruby program. Follow these steps:
    * Make a new folder for your Ruby Sushi Cards projects.
    * Open your text editor and create a new file. Save it into the folder you just made and call it *beginner_sushi.rb*.
    * Open the command line on your computer (called *command prompt* on Windows and *Terminal* on Mac) and navigate to your folder using the *cd* command.
    * Once you've opened your folder in the command line, you're ready to try running this blank file with this command, entered into the command line:
        ```bash
            ruby beginner_sushi.rb
        ```
        If this has worked, you shouldn't see any messages when you run the command.
    > ### Running a program
    In later cards, you'll be asked to *run* a program.   
    What that means is what you've just done: getting to the folder that has the program file in it and using the *ruby* command and its name to make the program do its thing!
